the banking establishment has been
talking about a bull market inequities
they've discussed how this bull market
will never end
if you take the opposite side of the bet
then you're causing the problem
apparently one man is starting to take
that opposite bet you came here for the
truth today we are going to talk about
the Rothschild
investment trust let's begin what we are
looking at is a report provided by RIT
and you will see the difference of what
six months can make this is the net
asset value by currency in terms of
percentage the end of last year that's
2016 versus just six months later the
end of June 2017 a significant reduction
in their exposure to US dollars US
assets and instead they have increased
their exposure to sterling you can see
that right here as well as the euro
things have significantly changed here
it seems what I would say is that
they're concerned that this bull market
may not continue let's see what they
wrote there he is
Lord Rothschild we do not believe that
this is an appropriate time to add risk
share prices have in many cases risen to
unprecedented levels at this time when
economic growth is by no means assured
the SNP is selling at 25 times trailing
12 months earnings compared to a
long-term average of 15 so I've covered
that here on the channel before the
adjusted Shiller price earnings ratio
which averages profits over 10 years is
approximately 30 times and it goes on to
talk about monetary accommodation or QE
may well be coming to an end
talks about the problems in the world
and says that they are shifting towards
the Far East they are looking for
domestic consumption so that's what the
Rothschild investment Trust is doing
that's their stated goal whether or not
they fulfill that I don't know but this
is something interesting because we're
talking about billions being moved
around and it is significant that's for
sure also at the same time when somebody
like Rothschild makes a decision like
this you know that others will follow so
it's something to really note look at
China however when talk about Asian
equities when you look at China never
forget to look at the total debt to GDP
and that is a very very telling story no
different than what we've seen in the US
and Europe and everything else just look
at the GDP of areas like Japan countries
like Greece Portugal Spain Italy
everything continues to rise it
shouldn't surprise anybody it's never
going to be reduced maybe for a
temporary period of time the only way is
if they're ready to crash the economy so
we'll see how that works out
but I don't exactly know how they're
going to get out of this mess they've
backed themselves into this corner and I
don't see a way out Bill Gross said this
global yields are the lowest in 500
years of recorded history ten trillion
dollars of negative rate bonds this is a
supernova that will explode one day it's
a good word to use for it because the
damage will be very
I'd spread you know that everything
surrounding this would be ruined at
least for a period of time there's no
way that they can restore this there's
no way they can turn it around it is
inevitable
now individuals may experience gains for
the next year two years five years maybe
even ten years but when the crash hits
it will affect everything that's the
difference between this time and last
time it's not just subprime loans it's
not just adjustable rate mortgages it's
not just a company failing we are
talking about the entire financial
system at stake
grinding lower junk bond yield is less
than the five-year average
well junk bond yields are declining and
the only reason I mentioned this is to
put it simply company buy junk bonds
because they're looking for higher yield
they're looking for better returns when
you get a junk bond you are taking a big
risk because we're talking about the
worst of the worst whether they're
buying into all of the garbage that
different types of debt that people have
and I don't see it to be ever a good
investment yet pension funds wealthy
investors in fact and all of these
different corporations they buy this
garbage because they need higher yields
and they feel that
this is safe because the government will
be there to be their safety net and
unfortunately my belief is that you need
to have some major failures allow some
people to get hurt so that we can learn
our lesson to have what I call the
economic detox this right here shows you
all of the different corporations which
have been selling their junk debt that
should tell people what these companies
are really what are they doing at this
time are they buying are they selling
well to me we are talking about hundreds
of billions of dollars here that are
being changed hands and it's not going
into the same assets it once was the
money's being shifted around so I think
that's important I'll leave it there for
today if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
remember that when you give me thumbs up
when you subscribe to the channel when
you comment on these videos you're
helping me out to push these videos
higher up in the youtube search rankings
it is my belief that my videos are least
for the most part no longer included in
the suggestions box so it will become
more and more difficult to have my
videos really spread out there so any
help that you can give I do appreciate
that very much
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through these
books at Amazon the links are in the
description below take care
again I just wanted to thank everyone
for all the positive comments I wanted
to let everyone know yet again that I am
posting on two different websites now
the links are in the description as well
one is d tube and that's d tu b e and
essentially what this is is it operates
on top of steam it which I know not
everyone is interested in but D tube is
a decentralized blockchain based YouTube
essentially it's like YouTube but it's
not censored that's the difference so
I've decided that I'm going to post all
my videos on there I hope that you'll
follow me on there as well I think that
it is important to get on there not just
because you can actually earn some
cryptocurrency just by voting just by
commenting but the fact that we need to
set up systems that are decentralized
maybe they'll get taken over in the
future I don't know I I really don't
know I don't know what's going to happen
but at this time I personally need to
diversify so that's what I'm doing so
I'm on there and I'm on vid me as well
that's VI D and E and you can check that
in the description as well either one
all I'm trying to do is diversify out of
YouTube and I think that's an important
thing to do it's a smart thing to do so
I'll leave it at that just want to say
thank you all take care